Update plesk docs: Create / apply snapshots (#11819)
directus/directus: docs/getting-started/installation/plesk.md

:::

## Use snapshots

> On Plesk you can't diretly run an npx command. To use the Directus snapshot you'd need to add a script to your `package.json`. For snapshot creation you can find an example in the [CLI docs: Date-based snapshots](/getting-started/installation/plesk#snapshot-the-data-model)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Plesk you can't directly run an npx command. To use the Directus snapshot feature, you'd need to add a script to your `package.json`. For snapshot creation you can find an example in the [CLI docs: Date-based snapshots](/getting-started/installation/plesk#snapshot-the-data-model)
```
